hello I am games I have painted engineer and
economist, I am fortunate to enjoy
of a wide professional trajectory
which integrates various management areas
consulting and especially teaching
participated as a teacher in the grades of
economy and ade of the university to
distance from madrid udima and in cef
business school in various master's degrees
and in the preparation of oppositions
I'm going to talk about the university master
in banking and financial advice a
titration with multiple possibilities
professionals in the financial system and
banking in particular
the majority of teachers of the master
simultaneous long activity
professional in credit institutions with
the teaching activity what allows
the students develop the
own skills of counseling
financial and banking with an important
practical approach
since the master's program
in banking has a shoot and
many years experience
we are pleased to note that some
teachers were students who attended
at the time this master
the profile of the students of the master
corresponds fundamentally to the level
previous training of a graduate or
graduated a business
administration and business management or
economy notwithstanding those students
who do not have the without qualification may
take a series of add-ons
training related to macroeconomics and
economic situation and financial environment
as fundamental elements that
they allow to know the evolution and environment
basic financial management
professional in these areas the objective
is to train professionals in the sector
financial and provide
attitudes and solid skills
knowledge of the techniques of
banking business applications
practices that allow access to
Responsibility jobs
average or higher both in the field of
finance as in the business and of
insurance
Highlights of the curriculum
master's degrees are management analysis of
resources and investment design in
financial markets saving investment
private investment selection
Investment risk management
credit national payment means and
international organization of
credit and development entities
management and the taxation of products and
banking services
the program comprises the realization of
practices by students in
credit institutions and companies
financial system with the purpose of
settle the knowledge acquired
the student integrated into teams
develops a final master project
related to the contents
learned
an important advantage of the master is that
has a double private degree
from an entity that has a
Extensive history and recognized prestige
teacher as is the study center
financial and official of the university
distance from madrid udima according to
the requirements of the declaration of
bologna that develops the space
European higher education
we wait for you with the illusion of power
help us improve your future
professional